how many times we would have liked to have
a magic potion at home for
solve hair problems
when we comb if you are not as
we like, do not worry
because they have created precisely one
magic potion for circumstances
situations like good hair
micaela is beautiful also has a
shine a color a very nice black but
These products are very good for you
in this case maría for what exactly
Well look with her we are
working the magic potion that is a
common all-in-one not what it covers
our hair needs that
mostly covered will rebuild what
is the tip to the will help us is going to
facilitate the ironing that nowadays
we use a lot of plates and one of
the problems that we have is that not
we use thermal protector is
thermal protector helps us that the
plate heat does not dry out our
hair we are going to give you that was had
collagen with which we are going to give
flexibility and we will be
rebuilding the capillary figure and
Let's give movement and brightness and good
especially for us if we
we apply at home we will be very much
easier ironing we will
ask mica you usually have
the hair enough you told me with a
volume
with a lot of volume and quite curly and
frightened to the worst all in one and good
with the
occasion I can a little improve all the
negative aspects of my hair
well I do not see them negative because
you have a very nice mane but now
we know that we always want it
in another way, as the
nature things are like that I wanted you
ask mica you this apply today
We had Maria because we needed
someone will explain it to us but you
this you can give at home comfortably
I decided in fact I try to give it
daily every time I go to
iron and if I'm not going to think too
because it nourishes and that always brings shine
and regenerates it hard enough the
little boat yes very many washed the truth
that the applications are very short and
as it comes pulverized it stays like
some little trickles and also travel
that is also quite useful only knows
I already see that he uses it slowly
statesman to the largest portion of all the
line
thank you so much I'm just going to
finish because I had to ask you that
mane that you have me maría tell me how
You get it good because it 's also the one
simply based on butter with
many products from the simple line
mud maintenance the finish uses
to iron me then things like carmine
It's worth the biggest deposit then you get
these results as nothing that takes note
and well you can not feel it
but the products smell on top
if they smell great that sometimes it seems
that we are going to carry those smells
strong good as almost to creampie
good coconut you have taken good note to the
so apply it